README.md, before:

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=febrianzulmi&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
# 💫 About Me:
<div align="left">
  <a href="https://app.daily.dev/febrianzulmi10"
    ><img 
       src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/8aada181f8474f958a8b4b5bfa5315fa.png?r=z51" 
       align="right"
       width="170"
       height="210"
       alt="Febrian Zulmi's Dev Card"/>
  </a>
</div>
I am a Firmware and Embedded Systems Engineer with experience in developing reliable IoT and embedded applications, from device-level firmware to system integration.
My expertise includes microcontroller-based systems (ESP32/ESP8266, AVR, NRF, STM32), Raspberry Pi, etc and industrial communication protocols. I primarily work with C/C++ and Python for firmware and backend development, and I have hands-on experience in designing firmware architectures, integrating sensors, handling device communication, and building offline-capable systems. I am also familiar with electronic schematic design, PCB assembly, and basic mechanical design for embedded devices.

## ⚒️ Skills
I have experience and expertise in several technology areas, including:

### 🔧 Embedded & Firmware Development
- Microcontrollers & Microprocessors: ARM Cortex-M–based MCUs (ESP, STM32, nRF), 8-bit AVR microcontrollers, and ARM-based embedded Linux platforms (e.g., Raspberry Pi). 
- Firmware Development: C/C++, Python, Arduino Framework, FreeRTOS, Zephyr RTOS,
- Firmware Design: State Machine, Task-based Architecture, Watchdog, Logging
- Sensor Integration & Data Acquisition

### 🔌 Device & Field-Level Communication
- UART (MCU ↔ GSM/GPS/Debug)
- I2C (Sensor & Peripheral Interface)
- SPI (High-Speed Display & Storage)
- 1-Wire (Temperature Probe)
- Modbus RTU (RS485-based industrial devices)

### 📡 Network & IoT Communication
- MQTT (IoT telemetry & pub/sub messaging)
- HTTP / REST API (Device configuration & data sync)
- Modbus TCP/RTU (Ethernet-based SCADA integration)
- Cellular (4G LTE)

### 🌐 Local & Gateway Communication
- Wi-Fi (TCP/IP)
- Ethernet
- Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)

### 🌐 IoT & System Integration
- Device Telemetry & Offline Buffering
- MQTT Broker (Mosquitto), REST API Integration
- Raspberry Pi (Linux-based IoT gateway)
- Dashboard & Monitoring: Node-RED, Grafana

### 🧩 Software & Backend
- Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, JavaScript, PHP
- Frameworks: Flask, Django, Laravel, Node.js
- Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, InfluxDB, MongoDB, Firebase

### 🛠 Hardware, Tools & Deployment
- Electronic Design: EasyEDA, Eagle (schematic & PCB)
- PCB Assembly: THT/SMD soldering, rework using hot air blower
- Mechanical Design: Autodesk Fusion 360
- Cloud & Deployment: AWS, GCP, Docker
- Server & Networking: Linux, Apache, NGINX

## 💡Projects
- Data Center Monitoring
- GPS Tracker
- Automatic Fish Feeding and fish pond monitoring 
- System Weather Prediction IoT using Machine Learning and Deep Learning
- Development of an Integrated Community Health Center Service System (Community Service Program/CSP)
- Smart class using PLC and SCADA Control Systems 
- Smart home web and android
- Machine Learning to Biometric Systems Security
- Electrical Management
- And others
  
## ✉️ Contact
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/febrianzulmi10@gmail.com-8A2BE2?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=rgb)](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?tab=rm&ogbl#inbox)

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/febrianzulmi10/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/febrian-zulmi-998849200/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=flat&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RaspberryPi-C51A4A?style=flat&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Mosquitto](https://img.shields.io/badge/mosquitto-%233C5280.svg?style=flat&logo=eclipsemosquitto&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=flat&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white)![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=flat&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=flat&logo=firebase) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=flat&logo=heroku&logoColor=white) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Node-RED](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node--RED-%238F0000.svg?style=flat&logo=node-red&logoColor=white) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=flat&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=flat&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![InfluxDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/InfluxDB-22ADF6?style=flat&logo=InfluxDB&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=flat&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300000f.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=flat&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=flat&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=flat&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=flat&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-%23d9ead3.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=blue) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/android%20studio-346ac1?style=for-the-badge&logo=android%20studio&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=febrianzulmi&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=febrianzulmi&theme=dark&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=febrianzulmi&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=febrianzulmi&theme=onestar&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=febrianzulmi&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true&hide-border=true)

### 😂 Random Dev Meme
<img src='https://randommeme-five.vercel.app/' style="height: 400px;"/>

---


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise expertise details in README
Updated expertise section to include ARM Cortex-M and 8-bit AVR microcontrollers.

README.md, after:

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=febrianzulmi&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
# 💫 About Me:
<div align="left">
  <a href="https://app.daily.dev/febrianzulmi10"
    ><img 
       src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/8aada181f8474f958a8b4b5bfa5315fa.png?r=z51" 
       align="right"
       width="170"
       height="210"
       alt="Febrian Zulmi's Dev Card"/>
  </a>
</div>
I am a Firmware and Embedded Systems Engineer with experience in developing reliable IoT and embedded applications, from device-level firmware to system integration.
My expertise includes ARM Cortex-M–based MCUs (ESP, STM32, nRF), 8-bit AVR microcontrollers, and ARM-based embedded Linux platforms (e.g., Raspberry Pi) and various industrial communication protocols. I primarily work with C/C++ and Python for firmware and backend development, and I have hands-on experience in designing firmware architectures, integrating sensors, handling device communication, and building offline-capable systems. I am also familiar with electronic schematic design, PCB assembly, and basic mechanical design for embedded devices.

## ⚒️ Skills
I have experience and expertise in several technology areas, including:

### 🔧 Embedded & Firmware Development
- Microcontrollers & Microprocessors: ARM Cortex-M–based MCUs (ESP, STM32, nRF), 8-bit AVR microcontrollers, and ARM-based embedded Linux platforms (e.g., Raspberry Pi). 
- Firmware Development: C/C++, Python, Arduino Framework, FreeRTOS, Zephyr RTOS,
- Firmware Design: State Machine, Task-based Architecture, Watchdog, Logging
- Sensor Integration & Data Acquisition

### 🔌 Device & Field-Level Communication
- UART (MCU ↔ GSM/GPS/Debug)
- I2C (Sensor & Peripheral Interface)
- SPI (High-Speed Display & Storage)
- 1-Wire (Temperature Probe)
- Modbus RTU (RS485-based industrial devices)

### 📡 Network & IoT Communication
- MQTT (IoT telemetry & pub/sub messaging)
- HTTP / REST API (Device configuration & data sync)
- Modbus TCP/RTU (Ethernet-based SCADA integration)
- Cellular (4G LTE)

### 🌐 Local & Gateway Communication
- Wi-Fi (TCP/IP)
- Ethernet
- Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)

### 🌐 IoT & System Integration
- Device Telemetry & Offline Buffering
- MQTT Broker (Mosquitto), REST API Integration
- Raspberry Pi (Linux-based IoT gateway)
- Dashboard & Monitoring: Node-RED, Grafana

### 🧩 Software & Backend
- Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, JavaScript, PHP
- Frameworks: Flask, Django, Laravel, Node.js
- Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, InfluxDB, MongoDB, Firebase

### 🛠 Hardware, Tools & Deployment
- Electronic Design: EasyEDA, Eagle (schematic & PCB)
- PCB Assembly: THT/SMD soldering, rework using hot air blower
- Mechanical Design: Autodesk Fusion 360
- Cloud & Deployment: AWS, GCP, Docker
- Server & Networking: Linux, Apache, NGINX

## 💡Projects
- Data Center Monitoring
- GPS Tracker
- Automatic Fish Feeding and fish pond monitoring 
- System Weather Prediction IoT using Machine Learning and Deep Learning
- Development of an Integrated Community Health Center Service System (Community Service Program/CSP)
- Smart class using PLC and SCADA Control Systems 
- Smart home web and android
- Machine Learning to Biometric Systems Security
- Electrical Management
- And others
  
## ✉️ Contact
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/febrianzulmi10@gmail.com-8A2BE2?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=rgb)](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?tab=rm&ogbl#inbox)

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/febrianzulmi10/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/febrian-zulmi-998849200/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=flat&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RaspberryPi-C51A4A?style=flat&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Mosquitto](https://img.shields.io/badge/mosquitto-%233C5280.svg?style=flat&logo=eclipsemosquitto&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=flat&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white)![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=flat&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=flat&logo=firebase) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=flat&logo=heroku&logoColor=white) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Node-RED](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node--RED-%238F0000.svg?style=flat&logo=node-red&logoColor=white) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=flat&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=flat&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![InfluxDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/InfluxDB-22ADF6?style=flat&logo=InfluxDB&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=flat&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300000f.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=flat&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=flat&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=flat&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=flat&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-%23d9ead3.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=blue) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/android%20studio-346ac1?style=for-the-badge&logo=android%20studio&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=febrianzulmi&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=febrianzulmi&theme=dark&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=febrianzulmi&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=febrianzulmi&theme=onestar&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=febrianzulmi&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true&hide-border=true)

### 😂 Random Dev Meme
<img src='https://randommeme-five.vercel.app/' style="height: 400px;"/>

---


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
